hi welcome to sign gomey today I'm
making almond milk I'm going to show you
how to make a very easy simple almond
milk where you can make it yourself all
you need is almond this is roughly a cup
of almonds and I actually pre soaked
this for about 8 hours the reason you
want to soak this is it becomes more
digestible and also it takes away the
bitter flavor you know and it you don't
have to roast it and then you need
filtered water or spring water and I
have here what's called not milk bag
this was given to me by a friend but you
could always get it online you know Oh
in a store or you can also use
cheesecloth and of course I'm going to
use my famous nutribullet let's begin in
here and then I'm gonna use roughly
three cups of water that's about the
level of the maximum level right here so
that's roughly about three cups then
close the lid as I said you want to soak
your almond I soaked it for eight hours
now I'm gonna start extracting
okay now I'm gonna use this as a
strainer because I don't want the pulp I
just want the almond oh by the way guys
on a monk is 50% more has 50% more
calcium and it's non-dairy high in
protein and it's very healthy okay I put
in this nut bag may not move back okay
and do is squeeze this you can see a
monkey's coming out and the pulp will be
back very easy to make and you can make
your own rather than find them at the
store because it could be you know it's
way more cheaper making your own on them
are healthy because you know what you're
putting in it and you don't have to put
so much stuff in the almond milk I know
they use a lot of different stuff to
thicken the almond milk like xantham gum
and carotene with this you don't have to
do that if you want it a little lighter
you can add more water I like this the
consistency of you know of this
measurement okay I'm going to put this
aside let's check this out guys Wow
looks amazing look at this how it looks
and also this is unsweetened so if you
want to make it sweetened oh you want to
put a little sweetener in it you can add
sugar you can add agave you can add
stevia you know just go according to
your taste and also if you want to add a
little sea salt you can do that I prefer
to have it on sweetened if you like this
please subscribe to my channel